hey what is up YouTube it is d text
we're back again from text / calm this
time around I'm going to be showing you
how to root your samsung epic 4g touch
it's gonna mines running gingerbread 2.3
point six and it is on al 29 s i'm going
to be showing the route for that as you
can see here i have my phone out I just
have a couple of things installed so
let's go ahead and what you want to do
is go ahead and just turn off your phone
will we'll get back to that later go and
just power that off there okay and what
you want to do is go ahead and start
downloading your prerequisite software
what you'll first want to do is download
your samsung samsung drivers you don't
have it go ahead and just go ahead and
click the links in the description ended
the annotation it'll take you to export
com which will then give you the link
and step by step step in step
instructions the video doesn't help or
you need something to read along to you
want to do is just download your USB
drivers already have those and installed
and then the next thing you want to
download is your choice of the route
number one the number one option is the
route that factory resets your phone and
then installs and then flashes the
software back onto your phone again your
phone will be a factory settings but
with the blue access the second method
is you can go ahead and install the
route onto your phone at but it'll
preserve your data either way whichever
one you choose your phone will be routed
but for those of you just got your
samsung galaxy phone you know the first
option or not doesn't really affect you
if you have data that you don't want to
lose go ahead just preserve your data
the second thing you need to make sure
you have where you have installed is out
winzip winrar or 7zip i have winrar
that's my preference to go ahead and
choose whatever you want that's just
extracting software and you
to move some files around that we're
going to download after you're done
downloading your choice of the roots go
ahead just extract it to your desktop
again using that software and I have
mine as as you see I have both of them
installed right here to loot clean data
or preserve data go ahead and use the
one that is root root preserved data and
go ahead and just right-click this is
important if you're using Windows Vista
or Windows 7 right click the exe and hit
run as administrator you're going to
need this to be able to transfer files
and get the permissions of this program
ask for from the computer well wait for
that to open up its excited state a
little while you want to go ahead and
put your phone into Odin mode Odin
download mode all that is is you hold up
the power and volume down button at the
same time for it until you get a screen
that looks like that warning a custom OS
can cause critical problems what you
want to do when you see the screen is
just hit volume up see it'll go to
downloading and then once your once the
roots exe runs as you can see this is
what the screen looks like stuck and now
you have your phone in download mode
all you have to do is just plug it into
the computer and sometimes if you're
using stock you know Sam some cable
sometimes have sometimes it's have some
very low quality USB cables so we want
to do is just
boy
organizing when you're supposed to see
pop up is that yellow calm calm box
right there it was a calm and then a
number doesn't really matter to what
number just as long as that pops up and
if you're having problems at this step
try using a different cables for morning
on the internet blackberries cable work
if you have if you had an old droid from
an old android phone I'll go and plug
that in as long as EU as being a micro
USB plug it into your computer and can
plug into your phone that should work
fine and the next tip is all you have to
do is hit start now this process takes a
little while and you should just see
this please wait let's go ahead and wait
you'll see a green progress bar pop up
right here and then a blue progress bar
appear on your phone
see it's so damp the connection it's
anil initializing that's right you get
getting the pit for mapping all that
good stuff and this process usually
takes about five to ten minutes so what
I'm gonna do is I'm going to go ahead
just come back when it's done
okay as you see here it is almost done
installing the root you're going to see
a progress while starting to progress
water fill up to green again and then
the blue bar to your phone should be
almost at the end by now and again if
you have any problems with odin beyond
at beginning of the execution now go
ahead and just try reinstalling drivers
try different cables or again or try
just redownloaded software a lot of the
software out there right now some reason
shows up is corrupt or empty but the
links that i give you should be 100
below safe and completely not uncorrupt
sort a while here
and as you see it says reset and just
reset my phone right now and it says
past that past thing means it's good all
threads completed succeed one my phone
is now rooted but you see now it's going
through the update process on the phone
and should be starting up very very soon
and we're going to go through the
Sprint's 4G I really hate that but it's
going to change that and now that you do
have root installed you can change the
boot screens you know different roms
whatever you like and there we go it's
crying the SD card is going just wait
maybe Skinner's running go ahead just
move that looks like all my settings are
still there all my programs are still
there so we use the prisoner of data
then you're all set sometimes your phone
will pop with this checking for firmware
update occasionally whenever I rude my
samsung I usually pops up with a
firmware update just to be safe I just
don't install it until I figure out what
that update is if it's a viable update
then I go ahead but let's go ahead and
get canceled usually does at the
beginning and let's go ahead and try a
program again especially first let's
look for super user on there
and looks like super users here so at
the very end it's ready to go let's go
and click on it and my apps are there
everything's there let's go ahead and
just make sure the apps that need root
are working titanium backup and as you
can see it says right there root access
check my phone has now been rooted you
can now use your phone for a wireless
tether install custom roms and I'll go
and include those videos once you're
done on how to install wireless
tethering on your phone again this is
easy to expert again thank you for
watching be sure to comment give a
thumbs up if you have any problems again
just leave a comment in the box right
there and subscribe thank you very much
for watching